Good review! Who doesn’t know how to save at my high price?
Let Yichen and Long Chen go,
Tell me the high price is unreasonable.
I still really don’t know,
What is my Long Chen’s sky?
Since I have been away from home for three years, of course I don’t know.
He is Long Chen's first-level scholar, the vice president of Zhenlong Group.
Zhenlong Group is the only company with a market value of over 100 billion.
And what kind of secretary do I have to be?
living in high power
It’s Rongcheng’s underground
Later called rescued and survived
Is there anything else that hurts?
Later known as Si Zhanghong
As long as they last longer
Rongcheng's will tremble
Which one in my Gao family is not inferior to one person?
Tell me if the Gao family has done something wrong?
Sounds scary enough
I'm far too scared now
Being afraid is enough for you
There is no fear in my words, Wang Pingan
Then I want you, but that’s enough
What am I going to do?
They are not very good
You really haven't done anything now
Isn’t he your father from now on?
The identity of uncle is like you can't help it
Today you inspire my ambition
Who better to come today?